I'm coming to my room in the middle of the night.
Aren't you afraid you're gonna get caught?
Harrison cares about you now.
That's good.
Why are you doing this?
I'm already pushing it and now you make my Diana hate me.
Jealousy fuels competition.
Diana is too used to having what she wants handed to her.
I need her to feel.
So I'm just your pawn.
Just a dog that you let out to bite whenever you want.
No, you're not a dog.
You're a fox.
Clever.
And jealous.
How much do I get paid to play the jealous fox?
Depends on how convincing you are.
If you keep paying me, any type of jealousy you want.
I think you're in control here.
Just do as I say.
And don't even think about running away.
I'll go to Harrison.